Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Don't waste your time.
She's not interested.
Uh huh.
Maybe she's interested, she
just doesn't know it yet.
Damn.
I told you.
Blah blah blah.
Hey, can i get
a virgin daiquiri?
You got it.
Wooh. Aren't you the
wild and crazy woman tonight.
Hey, i'm taking
it easy tonight.
That's a big surprise.
You take it easy every night.
C'mon let's get funky, girl.
You know,
just because you think
i'm a little conservative
doesn't mean that i...
doesn't mean that,
what, you're uptight?
You think i'm uptight?
Maybe a little.
You could loosen up some.
I am the most easy-going
person i know.
Uh huh?
Uh huh.
Thanks.
It's taken care of.
The gentleman behind you?
Thank you.
Caleb.
Dance with me.
Excuse me.
Can i get one more, please?
Thanks.
Never thought i'd meet someone
like you in a place like this.
You know, i don't even
know your last name.
Mathius.
Caleb mathius.
Feels like i've
known you my whole life.
God,
that sounds like the
biggest come on-line.
No it doesn't.
Not coming from you.
Maybe we
should slow down.
Come on, emma.
Just one more kiss?
You okay?
I think so.
What the hell
happened right there?
I think he was
trying to kill me.
I don't
understand it.
Where were you when
this was going on?
I was sitting
at the bar.
It all seemed harmless enough.
I mean, the guy
looked completely normal.
He was.
At first, it was
just an innocent kiss,
but, then something
started to happen.
I couldn't breath and i
felt like i was suffocating.
And that's when
i came around the corner.
It just looked
like the guy was sucking
the life right out of her.
All right.
Let me see
what i can find out about
this guy from the database.
What's his name again?
Caleb mathius.
Meanwhile, why
don't you and jesse go
back to the nightclub.
See what you can dig up.
I'm going, too.
No, no.
Wait. Until we
know more about this guy,
i'd feel better
if you just stayed here.
And i'd feel a lot
better going with them.
The last thing
i want to do is hang
around here playing
the poor victim.
Yeah, all right.
Watch her.
We're in the middle of
a crisis that desperately
needs to be stopped.
Six promising new mutant
recruits have been found dead
within the past five months.
Any theories, miss fries.
Have you ruled
out the possibility
these recruits defected
to mutant x?
Do you mean to tell me,
in your expert opinion,
that adam is trying to form some
kind of new mutant sorority?
Course not, mr eckhart.
I'm merely trying
to rule out the obvious.
Yes, well, you'll excuse me if
i find your investigation...
god, about as
cold as this coffee.
Allow me.
Given the grave circumstances,
i do hope your new mutant
abilities prove more useful to
me than as a human hotplate.
I believe we're dealing
with a mutant serial killer.
His victims have been
preyed upon, if you will.
He knows what he wants.
So he takes them by surprise.
Alured is a
more apt description.
This monster we're looking
for isn't wearing a hockey mask
or wielding an axe.
He's handsome,
charismatic, charming,
with the ability to disarm
his victim with a gesture.
Your hypotheses
are intriguing.
But at this
point, i'm much more
interested in a result.
I understand.
My investigation has
pin-pointed a possible suspect.
I'm confident
that the killer is...
good.
I want an
end to this murder
spree immediately.
Club's not open.
Yeah, we know.
Just wanted to ask you
a few questions, though.
You probably remembers
from last night.
We were both here.
You served us.
Hey, we get
a lot of traffic.
One of your party boys
attacked our friend last night.
He bought me drink?
His name
is caleb mathius.
Six foot, dark
hair, medium build.
Haunting eyes.
Anybody who fits
that description?
Sorry.
But when you pour drinks
for eight hours and get hit on
by anything wearing pants,
faces start to blur.
I wish i could be more help.
Did you sense anything?
She's scared.
Let's take a
look around, huh.
Any luck?
No.
I just searched the
database up and down,
and i can't find a
caleb mathius anywhere.
It's like
he doesn't exist.
Yeah. Maybe he
gave her an alias.
I mean, he clearly
exists, right?
The question is, what
does he want with emma?
Wait a minute.
Take a look at this.
I just pulled up
a missing persons file.
Yeah.
Six women over the last
five months have disappeared
in the vicinity
of that nightclub.
So it's not
an isolated incident.
I don't think so.
They all have
the same profile.
All young,
attractive women.
Yeah.
We need to get
her off the street.
Brennan?
I want you and
jesse to bring emma back
to sanctuary immediately.
Why? What's the rush?
It's just not safe for
her out there right now.
I don't want
to take any chances.
All right.
We're on our way.
What? No re-match?
That's him.
Nothing more we can do.
Let's get out
of here. Come on.
Emma.
Let's go.
Mr eckhart, the killer
you sought is dead.
Finally putting
an end to his rampage.
Yes.
I understand your weapon
of choice was a gsa vehicle.
I must admit my methods
were a little unorthodox.
But i didn't want
to risk losing him.
Were you at least
able to retrieve the
remains of mr mathius,
so we can
perform an autopsy?
There was a commotion.
Miss fries,
in order to truly understand
the criminal mind,
and to prevent
this catastrophe
from happening again,
it is imperative we have
a subject to examine.
Perhaps the
next time you decide
to do a hit and run,
you'll be prudent enough to
pick up the body before you run.
Brennan?
Jesse?
Who's there?
Hello, emma.
Aren't you glad to see me?
How about one more kiss?
Adam!
You've got to do something.
What?
He's here.
Who's here?
Caleb.
He was standing right here.
It must
have been a vision.
But it was so real.
Something happened
when he kissed me.
I can't explain it, but it...
it's like we're
connected some how.
Hey, emma.
It's okay. You're okay now.
No. I think he's alive.
I think caleb
is still out there.
Emma, you saw him
die with your own eyes.
So did brennan
and jesse.
Look, i don't care.
He's alive. I feel it.
And if we don't do something,
he's going to kill again.
Emma.
What?
You think i'm crazy.
No, no one's
saying you're crazy...
you don't have to.
Emma.
Emma, wait.
Keep your eye on her.
Guys, i want you to hack
into the county morgue
and check out their
surveillance records.
The morgue?
What for?
Emma thinks
caleb's still alive.
Are you kidding?
The guy's toast.
Adam, she's just a little
freaked out, that's all.
I hope you both are right,
but we know enough about her
psionic powers that
we gotta check this out.
Agreed?
Yeah.
Why are you following me?
Because i'm
worried about you.
You're worried
that i'm losing my mind
and that i'm seeing things.
You know that's
not true, emma.
I don't know what's
happening to me.
Want to talk about it?
Might help.
It's like he's still got
some kind of hold on me.
Caleb?
Yeah.
I was drawn
here for some reason.
Brennan,
check this out.
1:47pm two paramedics show up
with the body of caleb mathius.
Yeah, so what,
he looks pretty dead to me.
Yeah, me too.
But wait'll you see this.
Hey, wait a minute.
That's the
chick from the gsa that
tried to run me down.
Yeah, it gets worse.
Look who she leaves with.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
This jerk just doesn't
want to stay dead.
Sorry.
This was a waste of time.
Not if it puts
your mind at ease.
I don't mind looking.
So what about you?
You picking up anything?
No, i tried.
I'm not getting anything.
Why don't we just head back.
Okay.
I'm going to run
to the ladies' first.
Hey, adam, it's emma.
We're on our way back.
Good. See you here.
Hey, adam.
Emma was right.
Caleb is among
the walking dead.
Great.
And now i know
why we couldn't locate
him in the database.
It's because he's
listed as deceased.
So, what?
He can revive
himself after death?
It looks that way.
You mean like
a modern day vampire?
Yeah.
How's that possible?
Well, we know that there are
new mutants who can subsist off
the absorbed energy
of plant life, right?
So maybe what we're dealing
with is an evolving mutation
with a similar ability.
So you mean
this guy is feeding on the
life force of new mutants?
Yeah, like giving
them the kiss of death.
Or something like that.
Emma, you ready to go?
Emma?
Adam. Something's wrong.
I can't find emma anywhere.
Where are you?
The red club.
Emma wanted
to come one last time,
just to make
sure she wasn't crazy.
I left her alone
for two minutes.
When i got back all
i found was her com-link.
All right, shalimar,
i want you to come back
to sanctuary immediately.
What about emma?
I'm going to
send brennan and jesse.
Now don't worry.
They're going to find her.
I want you to
come back here asap.
You understand?
Yeah. I'm on my way.
Welcome to my world.
My home.
Morning.
Why are
doing this, caleb?
I don't have a choice.
I have to, to survive.
What do you want?
Sympathy?
You filthy parasitic freak.
Well,
aren't you the bold one.
Nice try, emma.
But your little mind
games won't work on me.
What are you
going to do to us?
Never ask a question which
you don't want answered.
No, don't waste your energy.
The cuffs are
titanium reinforced.
Looks like you're screwed.
What about you?
As a precautionary measure,
eckhart implanted me with
a gsa tracking device.
My people
should be on their way.
I hope for your sake
they show up in time.
Unless we want to put our heads
together and work as a team.
We are chained
in a cellar in the middle
of god knows where.
What'd you have in mind?
I'm a psionic.
What about you?
Elemental.
I can raise and
lower my body temperature.
Really?
How low can you go?
I'm afraid we lost contact
with miss fries at the morgue.
More alarmingly,
the body of caleb mathius
has mysteriously disappeared.
But where is it?
It couldn't have just
gotten up and walked out?
I'm afraid, sir, that is
exactly what has happened.
I had one of our techs
retrieve a blood sample from
the scene of the accident.
These cells not only
appear to be alive,
they're actually regenerating.
How is that possible?
It's my theory we're dealing
with a new mutant who's serial
killing rampage is driven not
by deviant criminal behaviour
but practical necessity.
It's fascinating.
So he actually has
the power to survive death.
I want this new mutant
captured immediately so we can
examine this precious dna.
But, sir,
he could be anywhere.
That's where
you're wrong, dr. Harrison.
Call security, get
miss fries' tracking codes.
Our global satellite system
will be able to pinpoint
her exact location.
Let's just pray he has her.
It's useless.
You can do it, pamela.
You just need
to lower your body
a few more degrees.
I can't.
I'm not strong enough.
I told you.
I'm going
to help you.
But i can't
do it alone.
I need you
to concentrate.
Now close your eyes and
focus all your energy
on the hand cuffs.
Good. That's it.
Keep going.
Now.
It worked.
Now try me.
Pamela.
I don't think so.
Eckhart's got this thing
about us helping the other side.
Sorry.
You can't just leave me here.
You know what
he's going to do to me.
Caleb's alive.
Yeah, i'm afraid so.
He's got her,
doesn't he?
I want to go get her.
No, no, no.
I don't want to lose you.
It's too dangerous for
you out there right now.
You just let jesse
and brennan find her.
Yeah,
and what if they can't?
Look,
there's the possibility that
he's got her locked away
somewhere just as insurance.
What happens
if he needs to feed?
Well, hopefully, we'll
find her before that happens.
Here.
Thank you.
Don't spread it around.
Oh.
Oh!
Now that was cool.
Pamela, look out!
Pamela!
Caleb, no!
Pamela's been implanted
with a tracking chip.
Her people
are looking for her.
If you don't get
her out of here now,
they're going to find you.
I'm telling
you the truth, caleb.
You've got to trust me.
Why are you
trying to help me?
Because i don't believe
that you want to hurt me.
I think you
do it to stay alive.
It's your mutation.
But if you don't
get her out of here now,
they're going to find us.
I already told you.
I don't know anything.
Well that's not going to
work for you this time.
Where's caleb?
Look, i don't have to answer
any of your questions.
Yeah, you do.
You see, he's got someone
who means a lot to us.
And we're not just
going to walk away.
Look, we know
you're scared.
We just want to
get our friend back.
What, are
you hiding him?
I don't
know anything.
I'm not responsible.
But you're
involved - somehow.
You're a new
mutant, aren't you?
I have the ability to
detect other new mutants.
You've been helping
him, haven't you?
And feeding him his
victims one by one.
Hm.
It's not that simple.
He was going to kill me.
Then tells us where he is.
We can protect you.
You can't.
No one can.
You don't
get it, do you?
Caleb can't be killed.
He just keeps coming back.
We have a problem.
If caleb can regenerate
every time he's killed
then we can't stop him.
Not necessarily.
As soon as he
regenerates he needs
to feed on new mutant
life force to recharge
his metabolism, right?
But what if he's killed
again before he has
a chance to recharge?
Think that can
kill him for good?
Well, it might be the window
we need to shut him down.
Adam.
Yeah, brennan, go ahead.
So it turns out the waitress
has been feeding caleb
his new mutant victims.
But she won't
tell us where he is.
What, she won't tell you because
she doesn't know or because
she's afraid to?
Because she doesn't
want to be his next meal.
We're going to head
over to her apartment now.
Take a look around.
All right. Good.
You guys let me know
what you come up with.
Shalimar?
Okay, emma, i did it.
I got rid of her.
So they're not going to find us.
Good, caleb.
That's great.
Oh, what's the matter?
Nothing. I'm fine.
Your handcuffs.
They're uncomfortable.
No, no. That's fine.
So you were
trying to get away?
No, that's...
that's not it.
Liar!
Don't insult me, emma.
I was hoping that
you were different.
I thought
you understood me.
I do, caleb.
I was just scared.
I didn't know what to do.
How can
i trust you, emma?
What do
you want from me?
A kiss.
I'm going to make
this real easy for you.
I know you know where
caleb has my friend.
Look...
no, you look.
All i'm asking you to
do is what you've done for
this creep time and time again.
Tell him you
found another one.
Take me to him.
Now.
Emma?
Emma.
Emma. Emma.
Oh god.
I'm so sorry, emma.
It's over.
She's gone.
I won't let you do this
to anyone ever again.
You can't stop me.
No one can.
Adam.
Emma's dead.
I didn't make it in time.
She's gone.
Well, wait.
Where's caleb?
I killed him.
Shalimar, that's when he
regenerates and needs to feed.
So, i want you to
listen to me very carefully.
I need you to
get out of there now.
Shalimar.
Shalimar?
Shalimar!
When are you going
to learn to stay down?
You.
Kiss yourself goodbye.
Your nine lives are up.
She's alive.
Pity she couldn't
be more helpful.
I'm afraid the only thing
left to tell us is the method
by which she died
- forensically
speaking, of course.
Hopefully, we can discover
how the new mutant absorbs
the life force of
the other new mutants.
What's going on?
Well,
so much for the autopsy.
Are you sure you should
be out partying like this?
I'm fine.
Besides, this is
exactly what i needed.
How are you two doing?
Hey,
want to take a hike?
You heard him.
Next time.
Yeah, right.
Okay, this is
ridiculous, you guys.
I'm fine.
I can handle myself.
Now go out there
and have some fun,
or please,
at least let me.
I mean it. Go.
Be good.
Yeah, right.
Emma.
So how about it?
One more kiss?
You can't hurt
me any more, caleb.
You're dead.
Hey.
Can i buy you a drink?
How about a dance?
All right.
And then i'll
buy you a drink.
Okay.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org